it was one to recover from a professional bumping. So you try not to be
zero defect. We try very hard. That means you're gonna make the states.
So the first thing is usually seen. Top gun. Remember towards
that, you do. You've got to get back in the saddle. You've got to get
back up. You gotta try it yet you were going to be doing for ship's
officers. You're going to be doing bullshit alongside station keeping.
Do not hit the other ship. What was her shoe? Times way have available?
Did that especially was way refuelings. So you've got to rehearse
it in your mother. You've gotta find time to go up on the bridge,
Wayne, on the flying Bridge. Look down and watch this. Watch someone
do the evolution so you could have it fresh in your mind when
your turn comes to do a kind of exercise. So this thing when you do
have a bump in the road a acknowledge it for training will evaluate
the situation. Do not fight it, not fight that you went left when you
shouldn't want right. Just acknowledge that you did for whatever reason,
and correct it. The next time corrected in training. Your engineer
gotta do qualify as an engineer. Awesome. Watch. Just do another
engine and drill. Get held in here making part of muscle. Okay, This
you will have to do to get a part. That means acknowledging mistakes,
getting up, doing it again.